- BPI_2012: Event log of a loan application process
- BPI_2013: Logs of Volvo IT incident and problem management
- BPI_2014: BPI Challenge 2014: Similar to other ICT companies, Rabobank Group ICT has to implement an increasing number of software releases, while the time to market is decreasing. Rabobank Group ICT has implemented the ITIL-processes and therefore uses the Change-proces for implementing these so called planned changes. Rabobank Group ICT is looking for fact-based insight into sub questions, concerning the impact of changes in the past, to predict the workload at the Service Desk and/or IT Operations after future changes. The challenge is to design a (draft) predictive model, which can be used to implement in a BI environment. The purpose of this predictive model will be to support Business Change Management in implementing software releases with less impact on the Service Desk and/or IT Operations. We have prepared several case-files with anonymous information from Rabobank Netherlands Group ICT for this challenge. The files contain record details from an ITIL Service Management tool called HP Service Manager. We provide you with extracts in CSV with the Interaction-, Incident- or Change-number as case ID. Next to these case-files, we provide you with an Activity-log, related to the Incident-cases. There is also a document detailing the data in the CSV file and providing background to the Service Management tool.
- BPI_2015: This data is provided by five Dutch municipalities. The data contains all building permit applications over a period of approximately four years. There are many different activities present, denoted by both codes (attribute concept:name) and labels, both in Dutch (attribute taskNameNL) and in English (attribute taskNameEN). The cases in the log contain information on the main application as well as objection procedures in various stages. Furthermore, information is available about the resource that carried out the task and on the cost of the application (attribute SUMleges). The processes in the five municipalities should be identical, but may differ slightly. Especially when changes are made to procedures, rules or regulations the time at which these changes are pushed into the five municipalities may differ. Of course, over the four year period, the underlying processes have changed. The municipalities have a number of questions, namely: What are the roles of the people involved in the various stages of the process and how do these roles differ across municipalities? What are the possible points for improvement on the organizational structure for each of the municipalities? The employees of two of the five municipalities have physically moved into the same location recently. Did this lead to a change in the processes and if so, what is different? Some of the procedures will be outsourced from 2018, i.e. they will be removed from the process and the applicant needs to have these activities performed by an external party before submitting the application. What will be the effect of this on the organizational structures in the five municipalities? Where are differences in throughput times between the municipalities and how can these be explained? What are the differences in control flow between the municipalities? There are five different log files available in this collection. Events are labeled with both a code and a Dutch and English label. Each activity code consists of three parts: two digits, a variable number of characters, and then three digits. The first two digits as well as the characters indicate the subprocess the activity belongs to. For instance ‘01_HOOFD_xxx’ indicates the main process and ‘01_BB_xxx’ indicates the ‘objections and complaints’ (‘Beroep en Bezwaar’ in Dutch) subprocess. The last three digits hint on the order in which activities are executed, where the first digit often indicates a phase within a process. Each trace and each event, contain several data attributes that can be used for various checks and predictions. Furthermore, some employees may have performed tasks for different municipalities, i.e. if the employee number is the same, it is safe to assume the same person is being identified.
env-permit: This data originates from the CoSeLoG project executed under NWO project number 638.001.211. Within the CoSeLoG project the (dis)similarities between several processes of different municipalities in the Netherlands has been investigated. This event log contains the records of the execution of the receiving phase of the building permit application process in an anonymous municipality. 
- Junit: XES software event log obtained through instrumenting JUnit 4.12 using the tool available at new windowhttps://svn.win.tue.nl/repos/prom/XPort/.
This event log contains method-call level events describing a single run of the JUnit 4.12 software, available at new windowhttps://mvnrepository.com/artifact/junit/junit/4.12 , using the input from new windowhttps://github.com/junit-team/junit4/wiki/Getting-started.
Note that the life-cycle information in this log corresponds to method call (start) and return (complete), and captures a method-call hierarchy.
- nasa: Extensible Event Stream (XES) software event log obtained through instrumenting the NASA CEV class using the tool available at new windowhttps://svn.win.tue.nl/repos/prom/XPort/. This event log contains method-call level events describing a single run of an exhaustive unit test suite for the Crew Exploration Vehicle (CEV) example available and documented at new windowhttp://babelfish.arc.nasa.gov/trac/jpf/wiki/projects/jpf-statechart (trac) new windowhttp://babelfish.arc.nasa.gov/hg/jpf/jpf-statechart (mercurial repository). Note that the life-cycle information in this log corresponds to method call (start) and return (complete), and captures a method-call hierarchy. We attached a slightly preprocessed variant of this event log, where the execution of each unit test method is represented as a separate trace.
- Sepsis: This real-life event log contains events of sepsis cases from a hospital. Sepsis is a life threatening condition typically caused by an infection. One case represents the pathway through the hospital.  The events were recorded by the ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) system of the hospital. There are about 1000 cases with in total 15,000 events that were recorded for 16 different activities. Moreover, 39 data attributes are recorded, e.g., the group responsible for the activity, the results of tests and information from checklists.  Events and attribute values have been anonymized. The time stamps of events have been randomized, but the time between events within a trace has not been altered.
- Road_fine: Real-life event log of an information system managing road traffic fines.
